The m-model is a detailed 3D reconstructed or synthesised morphology. A 3D reconstructed morphology is generated by tracing a microscopic images of biological neurons. The images are usally obtained using usally thin slices of tissue plated on a glass. Some reconstructed morphologies are obtained by `skeletonisation` of electron microscopic meshses (e.g. MiCRONS morphology meshes). The reconstructed morphologies usually undergo a pipeline to correct and fix for problems which can cause issues during simualtions. Synthesised morphologies are generated by topological synthesis using features from multiple morphologies. 
An e-model or electrical model is a usually a NEURON simulator-based single neuron model which is constructed by adding ion channel models to an reconstructed or synthesised morphology to generate electrical activity. The e-models are optimised using multi-objective optimisation (e.g. using BluePyEModel or BluePyOpt) to generate specific firing patterns as seen in real electrophysiological recordings. These models are also validated by using protocols and electrical features or e-features (e.g. using eFEL python library) which were not used for optimisation. E-models form a template for build more such neuron models by combining with morphologies (m-model) to generate me-models.  The main differences between an e-model and me-model is that e-models are optimised and non-simulatable (on the platform). Whereas me-models are formed by combining m-model and e-model, and can be simulated on the platform. The me-models are not optimised for any cobination of m-model and e-model.
